# Matthew

Hey Trent –

So here’s what I’m thinking for SPEAK’s updated payment terms with you now steering the project. Outside of what’s already been invoiced, I’m thinking $5,000 paid out over 5 months, though it’d mostly be for work completed between February and March, maybe bleeding into April.

This is for an estimate of about 50 hours across web and an additional 20 or so across the the 10 graphic assets (print and digital). Give or take. All of this will be fluid, of course.

This boils down to about $66/hr under an hourly breakdown. How does this sound to you? I’ll be eating the costs of the rest of the PMing work, which should put us in a position where this work helps us recoup some operational capital.

Happy to hear any thoughts. Once approved, I will bake into the payroll file to chronicle these changes moving forward.

Best,

# Trent

Good morning Matthew,

Thank you for the update. This sounds good to me. It's a pleasure to be working with Rebecca & the SPEAK team, and I'm looking forward to the work ahead.

Best,
Trent

----------------

# Matthew

Hey Trent! Hope you're having a great week. Just checking in on how you're feeling about the Gumbo website heading into Thursday? Still feel on track for a review?
Also, no update yet from Bronzeville Blues, so it's still client work and Gumbo site as primary priority.

# Trent

Hey Matthew, apologies for the delay ~ I hope you're having a great week as well.

I'm feeling good about the Gumbo site, but wanting to double check whether Thursday's review will be just for the design touch-ups of the existing template before we deep dive into the digital marketplace.

I've been reviewing the Knotably site and have a few thoughts / clarifying questions to make sure we're on the same page:

1. Considering "Knotably" and "Knotably Creative House" are two separate entities, my understanding is that Gumbo's digital marketplace will be a separate site as well (custom build with stripe integration), and our discussion on Thursday will be focused on the design of the agency site before deep diving into the digital marketplace. Is this correct? – If so, I'm feeling good and on track for Thursday.

2. The digital marketplace will require further discussion and planning and I want to make sure we're on the same page about that. I'm thinking we'll need to discuss the following:
    - Product offerings and categories (pricing, assets, features, promo/discounts, etc)
    - Product development (resources, services, plugins, templates<notion, webslow, squarespace, framer, etc>, etc)
    - User experience and flow (I'm thinking we could mirror Knotably Creative House's UX)
    - Stripe integration, account access, API setup
    - Domain for digital marketplace (i.e. gumbomedia.shop, kitchen.gumbomedia.com, bodega.gumbomedia.com, gumbo.media, etc)
    - Custom site development and product development timeline

This is a lot and doesn't need to be discussed in detail on Thursday, but I'd be happy to map out a draft plan for us to review and discuss further.

The agency site should be ready for review on Thursday, but I want to make sure the scope of the digital marketplace is clear and that we're on the same page about the next steps. I'm happy to discuss further prior to Thursday if needed.

Looking forward to your thoughts
