1. I want the UX to be the differenciator. My neurogivergence makes it difficult to communicate. I tend to spend over 2 hours on emails which wastes a lot of time and has caused issues in my professional relationships. I want to build a writing tool that helps people get their thoughts out easier. I'm thinking the user can input things colloquially and the app helps them translate that raw braindump into succinct professional language. This could be through inline auto interpolation toolbar features, side-by-side editors where one is raw input and the other is a formal interpretation. Its more than just making gascious thoughts into solid thoughts. The app learns about the user over time and knows them well enough to understand context, people of interest,  references, the user's personal brand voice & writing style, how that style might change depending on the subject, why it changes, even granular things like how long the pauses are between typing. I imagine a feature for quickly asking the app to provide synonyms for a concept etc. Sometimes words arent enough to illustrate an idea, and this app aims to make the words come to the user as fast as their thoughts do.
2. I have an mvp done, a basic wysiwyg with generative AI prompt box. Just aiming to validate my original idea before moving forward. If theres anytime to pivot or consider a better path its now, cuz I'm hitting the gas once the light is green.
3. free: $0; standard: $15; business: $40; – I want Brevity to be accessible to everyone.
4. its a ux thing. i can handle that part.
5. in the future i imagine this will become easier as models get better. for now, google's gemini pro model does well about analyzing brand docs and extracting key info about the brand's voice, keywords, mission, values, tone, etc.
