Hey Matthew,

As I'm fleshing out the overview for dev projects, I'm hoping to get your thoughts on the vision for Gumbo's software offerings to ensure we're on the same page.

Main points:
1. An update on the writing app and the potential for future SaaS projects
2. Potential for custom CMS and E-Commerce solutions
3. Should Gumbo pursue client-based projects or focus on building products internally?

---

As you know, I initially planned to publish the app as a basic writing/SEO tool similar to Google Docs but with AI features. The prototype is a basic WYSIWYG editor with a prompt to generate content and can be found at https://app.brevity.ink – It's a start, but the vision I have for the app is much bigger than this.

The original concept was to allow users to input their website so the system could learn their brand voice and generate consistent content (see output.md for a working example from Living Cities). I recently discovered a tool that is doing something similar called strut.so. The UX is exactly as I had envisioned which makes it a good proof of concept.

I found that most AI writing apps generate long-form content in one shot which takes away a lot of the humanity from the content. This is a good thing for academic papers but not for blog posts & articles.

This video from Maggie Appleton describes my concern with this approach better than I could. Her blog has been a huge inspiration for me.  I think approaching the UX from the perspective of "note-taking & knowledge capture" vs "content generation" could redirect the app in a more meaningful direction.

The following are some highlights from my research that I think are relevant to this discussion:

https://maggieappleton.com/programmatic-n ,,otes
https://notes.andymatuschak.org/About_these_notes?stackedNotes=zHTevHGZQPu8QHpRhUmtsuK&stackedNotes=zB74H9CuWrosEuqve7jZyCo&stackedNotes=zRbqwbnhmVdfLtKxMCibMoX
https://nickarner.com/notes/designing-for-ai-notes-december-12-2023/
https://wattenberger.com/thoughts/boo-chatbots
https://subconscious.substack.com/p/all-you-need-is-links

I have a ton of thoughts that I couldn't possibly fit into this email, but I'd love to discuss this further with you on Monday and get your feedback on (1) the direction of the app and whether it's worth pursuing (2) how the app could fit into the Gumbo ecosystem whether internally or as a product offering (3) how we could leverage the app to generate revenue and/or attract new clients.

I imagine one wing (Gumbo Media) can continue providing services for clients while the other wing (Gumbo Tech?) could work on internal SAAS products that can then be sold to clients through monthly subscriptions and personalized onboarding.

One SaaS project that comes to mind is a custom E-Commerce solution where clients can manage their products, inventory, orders, customers, etc. I imagine this could scale into a larger platform where smaller/independent sellers can support each other and build communities. I've been in the process of building the backend for about a year which integrates Stripe, allowing Gumbo to collect a percentage of each transaction across all stores on the platform.

This is one idea of many, but I'd love to hear your thoughts on this overall direction. I believe software services have the potential to be tools for change, and it's exciting that Gumbo is well-positioned to be the architect of these tools.

I apologize for such a long email, but I wanted to be thorough and ensure we're on the same page before finalizing the overview doc.

I'm available to disc