Hey Trent!

Hope you’re having a great couple of weeks back from the holidays. Thanks for all the great convos to date.

I just wanted to update you on a couple of workflows for some of the current projects, as our shifts to the team mean also reassessing current projects and the necessary changes to make things slightly more nimble heading into this new year. I’m imagining you had some questions about how these recent updates impact your current projects anyway.

With this reprioritization of team efforts, and your heightened focus on internal Gumbo builds, we’d like to collapse some of the design outputs and efforts across current projects. The primary one impacted will be Living Cities. We anticipate the social media efforts ramping down slightly, so we’re looking at ways to collapse the 5-6 person services team for this project down to about 2-3 people.

Specifically, for you, I propose transitioning you off the project to focus more on the 2-4 Gumbo projects instead (Bronzeville Blues, Gumbo site, Blackwords.co, GumboFit). Sandi would take over the regular workflow instead. There would likely still be some needs in design from you on that project, but I’d like to limit those to more of the specialty projects. We’re making a big concerted effort to streamline communication and efficiency on the Living Cities project (it’s currently a bit too unwieldy), and Sandi and Nick have an established workflow between each other and with this specific client already. I apologize for the mid-project switch-up, but I’m just doing everything I can to get more nimble and set the full team (you included) better up for long-term success.

This means you’d also be top priority for other incoming work (potential large-scale RFPs and fun community-based projects), of which there are some exciting opportunities. More on that soon!

We don’t know enough about SPEAK MPLS yet, as this project is still ramping up and we’re just waiting to hear back from the client as she comes back from the holidays. But there may be a similar transition there, as it sounds like Rebecca (the client) wants to propose some structural changes to the scope in this new year. So I’m not even sure if the same team will make sense. I will keep you updated as I learn more.

In the meantime, I will focus on paying you out for December and will keep you up to date on new services opportunities in the coming weeks—not to mention all the fun internal projects we’re working on.

Appreciate you, and let me know if you have any questions!

---

Hey Matthew,

Thank you for the update! This is all good news to me. I'm excited to work on more internal projects and I'm looking forward to the new opportunities. I'm also happy to hear that you're making an effort to streamline communication and efficiency on the Living Cities project. I'm sure that will make things easier for everyone. I'll keep an eye out for how things progress with SPEAK MPLS as well.

I've populated the Brozeville Blues Google Drive which can be found here: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1t2RD7ntL8XNwQaFCHqd7RL6PbLv5Xb9u?usp=drive_link. I found a few Webflow templates that could work well and can begin deep diving the build whenever you're ready 👍🏾

Let me know if there's anything else I can do to help out in the meantime.

Best,

---

Hey Trent!

Thanks for the update, and sounds good across the board. Good timing, too, as I was just ready to send over the latest update on SPEAK. Rebecca and I spoke and she actually recommended that—to help us streamline things moving forward—maybe she works directly with you on that project, and that you could support with both the web needs (as you were before) as well as the design needs. Even the PM would be removed.

How does that work for you? This would obviously mean reworking the pay structure for that project moving forward so that you earn what’s fair for both web and design support. Let me know your thoughts!

It would be best to set up the project under the hello@gumbomedia account on Webflow, yes. But before you do, please send along any template considerations via Slack and I’ll take a look. Once we’ve agreed on one, feel free to dive in!

I’ve also come up with a potential agreement moving forward for internal projects, but I will clarify that in a separate email thread when I feel like we’re clear on everything here.

Let me know how this all sounds and we’ll get going!

Best,
Matthew

---

Hey Matthew,

That sounds great! I'm happy to work directly with Rebecca on both web and design support for SPEAK. I still have access to the Webflow and Canva so should be able to jump right in.

Regarding Bronzeville Blues, here are the templates I'm considering:

- **Free**
  - WeVenue (https://webflow.com/made-in-webflow/website/wevenue)
  - Debut House (https://webflow.com/made-in-webflow/website/debut-house)
- **Paid**
  - The Way <$79> (https://webflow.com/templates/html/the-way-blog-website-template)
  - The Connector <$79> (https://webflow.com/templates/html/the-connector-blog-website-template)

Let me know if there any templates in mind that you'd like me to look into. Looking forward to your thoughts!

Best,
Trent

---

Thanks, Trent! I’ll update Rebecca and make the necessary adjustments to the SPEAK team internally. I’ll follow-up tomorrow with next steps there. In the meantime, please standby.

As for templates, I think the two free versions are the best fitted for this work. They feel the most comprehensively dynamic. The paid versions have nice landing pages rich with color blocking and interesting forms and features, but the internal pages feel a bit more stark. I like the well-balanced approach of WeVenue and Debut House. `WeVenue, in particular, feels interesting throughout, and seems to feature a lot of great modules and template pages that I can picture working well for things like: teams, programs, featured stories, etc.`

But I like them both. What is your instinct? Do you think we should share these two with the client and have them pick between WeVenue and Debut House? Do you think it’s worth exploring additional options? Let me know what you’re thinking.

Best,

---

<!--

remember, matthew is technically the client since he's paying for this out of his own pocket.
dont skimp it. give it a good thinkin.<3

Lets run a full analysis of whether this template will be the best fit for the project. I'll start by listing out the features that we need and then we can compare them to the features that the template offers.

# Requirements

Routes:
- Home
- About
- Events
- Resources
- Contacts

Features:
- [ ] List/calendar of events
  - [ ] Event details template page
  - [ ] Link to register or book tickets (?)
  - [ ]  Option to add event to calendar
  - [ ] Option to share event on social media
- [ ] List of programs
  - [ ] Program details template page
  - [ ] Option to share program on social media
- L[ ] ist of resources (external links)
- [ ] Contact form

 -->

NOTE TO SELF: `ok, lets just clone WeVenue on our personal, chop the video, add some assets, and share with matthew. we can do this in a few hours. we'll do this just for the home page to showcase the vibe w the branding in place etc. this will act as our proposal/pitch.`

Video cuts:
* 1:43 - 1:46 (blues club pan)
* 10:35 - 10:38 (poster black & white)
* 14:28 - 14:35 (old footage of service station)
* 19:26 - 19:35 (old chicago footage + stank face)
* 21:48 - 22:02 (new chicago footage)
* 22:20 - 22:26 (47th street)
* 23:51 - 22:58 (old photos of the jazz club)
* 29:48 - 29:54 (howlin wolf)
* 20:36 - 30:38 (guitars pan)
* 50:29 - 50:45 (picture frames of the greats)

---

[
  [ '1:43', '1:46' ],
  [ '10:35', '10:38' ],
  [ '14:28', '14:35' ],
  [ '19:26', '19:35' ],
  [ '21:48', '22:02' ],
  [ '22:20', '22:26' ],
  [ '23:51', '22:58' ],
  [ '29:48', '29:54' ],
  [ '20:36', '30:38' ],
  [ '50:29', '50:45' ]
]
