# Completed Website Updates

---

- Deleted "noise" (i.e., Wellness, Impact, Growth on the landing page).
- "Who do we serve?" (kept headlines and icons, deleted most of the text).
- Naming conventions: Simplified and kept consistent: "Get In Touch" changed to "Contact Us."
- "Get Started" changed to "Intake Form." Or something else consistent and clear.
- Reorganized and renamed “Resources” tab sub-navigation.

# Questions for NewRoot

---

## Home Page Updates

- **"Add Chicagoland and where."**
  - Should this be a separate section or integrated into the existing "Who do we serve?" section?
  - Should we add a map of each location?
- **"Add partners."**
  - What are the names of the new partners to include?
  - How should the partners be visually displayed?
- **"Add Impact numbers using the percentages from newroot.org/careers."**
  - Where can I find the percentages?
  - Which specific impact numbers and categories should be featured?
  - Should these numbers be visually highlighted or integrated into the existing text?

## Banner Updates
- **"Replace Banners with NewRoot colors and our staff in the tree on the right of banners with high quality photos of our work."**
  - Should the banner images be replaced with photos of staff and work?
  - What specific photos should be included?
  - How should the staff and work photos be integrated into the banners?
- **"Captions under each photo (Workshops, Student Day of Action, Gala) + Buttons corresponding for each photo"**
  - Needing clarification on whether the photos are being used as banners with captions overlaid or if they are being used as the main content of the home page.
  - What is the function of the buttons? Are they links to more information about the workshops, Student Day of Action, or the Gala?

## Addition of Online Resource Portal
- **"Additional section under website resources (only certain members can access, mimick the back-end access and core functionality of the existing DISC + SEO curriculum)"**
  - Are the resources for this page ready to be added?
  - Who exactly should have access to this section?
  - Users should be required to login to view these resources, correct?
  - What should the page be called?

## Service Page Updates
- **"Add simplified and minimalist version of Services Page."**
  - Would this be a full redesign of the services page?
  - Is there key information that should be included/excluded?
  - Are there elements of the page that are outdated or unnecessary?
