AN EQUAL EMPLOYMENT AFFIRMATIVE ACTION EMPLOYER
CITY OF LOS ANGELES
CALIFORNIA
KAREN BASS
MAYOR
TED M. ROSS
GENERAL MANAGER
CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER
MARYAM ABBASSI
ASSISTANT GENERAL MANAGER
BHAVIN PATEL
ASSISTANT GENERAL MANAGER
TITA ZARA
ASSISTANT GENERAL MANAGER
EDUARDO MAGOS
ACTING ASSISTANT GENERAL MANAGER
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AGENCY
CITY HALL EAST
200 N MAIN ST, ROOM 1400
LOS ANGELES, CA 90012
213.978.3311
ita.lacity.org
August 15, 2024 REF: FAS-131-24
REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS
Public, Educational, and Community Access Cable Television Services
The City of Los Angeles (City) Information Technology Agency (ITA) invites proposals
from firms possessing the experience, facilities, and equipment necessary to manage and
operate Citywide Access Channel 36, the City’s mixed-use Public, Educational, and
Community Access channel. The Selected Proposer will be responsible for operating and
managing a turnkey cable/video TV Public Access channel.
The attached Request for Proposals (RFP) provides more detailed information regarding
the City’s needs, as well as the City RFP process. Proposers must address all items
discussed in the RFP and provide reference material that supports compliance with these
specifications.
ITA invites qualified consultants to submit written proposals containing the information
requested in the RFP. The contract resulting from this RFP will be for three (3) years with
two (2) one-year options to extend.
Proposals from minority-owned or women-owned enterprises are encouraged. As a
covered entity under Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the City does not
discriminate on the basis of disability and, upon request, will provide reasonable
accommodation to ensure equal access to its programs, services, and activities.
Selection will be made on the basis of an evaluation by ITA. The factors to be utilized in
evaluating each proposal will include, but are not limited to: company information;
experience managing a Public, Educational, and Governmental Access (“PEG”) channel;
proposed channel operation and promotion; references; conformance to all specifications
and requirements outlined in the RFP and appendices; and the City’s best interest.
All forms and requirements noted in the RFP must be completed and included with your
response. The City reserves the right to reject any and all proposals and the right to waive
any informalities in the proposal when to do so would be in the best interest of the City.
August 15, 2024
Page 2
Proposers must submit an electronic copy of the response in Adobe PDF format by
uploading it through the Google Form at https://forms.gle/EcEfL9uusH5vKG8d7. The
deadline for submission of responses is 3:00 PM (Pacific Time) on Wednesday,
September 25, 2024.
All questions related to this RFP shall be submitted through the “R56 Grounding Services
RFP Questions” Google form at https://forms.gle/f662pNhE4Sn3i2T18 no later than 12:00
Noon (Pacific Time) Tuesday, September 11, 2024. Responses to questions submitted
by the deadline will be posted on www.rampla.org as an addendum to the RFP.
This RFP, the attachments, and appendices are available for download on the City’s
website, www.rampla.org. Registration on this website is free. If you have difficulty
registering on the City’s website or you are unable to download the RFP and/or the
attachments and appendices, please send an email to the support team at
support@rampla.org for assistance.
Sincerely,
Maria Ramos
Chief Management Analyst
Attachment
Information Technology Agency
Request for Proposals:
Public, Educational, and Community Access Cable Television Services
RFP # FAS-xxx-24
August 14, 2024
DEADLINE FOR QUESTIONS:
12:00 Noon (PT ) September 11, 2024
To submit questions:
Use the web form at https://forms.gle/f662pNhE4Sn3i2T18
RFP PROPOSAL DUE DATE:
3:00 PM (PT) September 25, 2024
To submit proposals:
Use the web form at https://forms.gle/EcEfL9uusH5vKG8d7
TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE
I. INTRODUCTION 3
II. BACKGROUND 3
III. SCOPE OF SERVICES 4
IV. SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS 6
H. MULTIPLE PROPOSALS 9
V. RESPONSE 11
VI. EVALUATION 17
VII. COMMUNICATION 18
VIII. RFP SCHEDULE 19
IX. AWARD OF CONTRACT 20
X. PROTEST 22
XI. TERM OF CONTRACT 23
XII. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS 24
XIII. PROPERTY OF CITY/PROPRIETARY MATERIAL 31
ATTACHMENTS
Appendix A: Standard Provisions for City Services Contracts (Rev. 6/24) [v.1]
Appendix B: Pledge of Compliance with Contract Responsibility Ordinance (CRO)
Appendix C: Intentionally not included
Appendix D: Headquarters/Workforce Information/Declaration of Non-Collusion
Appendix E: Equal Benefits Ordinance/ First Source Hiring Ordinance (EBO/FHSO)
Appendix F: Contractor Responsibility Ordinance Responsibility Questionnaire
(CROQ)
Appendix G: Living Wage Ordinance and Service Contract Worker Retention
Ordinance
Appendix H: Intentionally not included
Appendix I: Slavery and Border Wall Contracting Disclosure Ordinance
Appendix J: Municipal Lobbying Ordinance (City Ethics Form 50)
Appendix K: Bidder Contributions (City Ethics Form 55)
Appendix L: Local Business Preference Program (LBPP)
Appendix M: Iran Contracting Act of 2010
Appendix N: RFP Proposer Checklist
I. INTRODUCTION
The City of Los Angeles (“City”) is seeking proposals from qualified organizations
interested in contracting with the City through the Information Technology Agency
(“ITA”) to manage and operate the City’s mixed-use Public, Educational, and
Community Access channel, Citywide Access Channel 36 (“Channel 36”). The selected
Proposer will be responsible for operating and managing a turnkey cable/video TV
Public Access channel.
The City expects respondents (“Proposers”) to this Request for Proposals (“RFP”) to
demonstrate a history of, and a commitment to, providing professional management and
experienced operational services of a broadcast television station. The selected
Proposer must ensure that Channel 36 continues to be operational from the first day of
the contract, July 1, 2025. Since Channel 36's management will require additional
funding support from sources other than the City, Proposers must articulate their current
and future financial stability. This includes detailing the financial sustainability for the
planned operations and management of Channel 36.
One of the most important responsibilities in managing Channel 36 is ensuring that it is
cable-casting 24 hours per day, seven days per week. In addition to the technical skills
necessary in broadcasting content, the selected Proposer must ensure that Channel
36’s programming fits within the parameters of a Public, Educational, and Governmental
Access (“PEG”) channel. Any content that does not fit within these parameters must be
filtered out. Content that fits within these parameters must be broadcast on Channel 36
and be available to the public on Channel 36’s website.
Proposers should demonstrate a history of successful service to other clients, preferably
with experience in providing this service to other government entities. The City’s intent
is to enter into a contract with a Proposer for a term of three years with two one-year
options to extend at the City's sole discretion.
II. BACKGROUND
The City is responsible for the oversight and control of four separate PEG cable TV
channels. The City Council and Mayor designated Channel 36 as the mixed-use Public,
Educational, and Community Access channel to meet the cultural, educational, and
community needs of residents by providing non-commercial programming and
production services to the local community.
Since 1997, a nonprofit entity (“Administrator”) has operated and managed Channel 36.
Its responsibilities have grown to include management of the City’s Public Access
channel, equipment, training to City residents, channel scheduling, and playback of
Public, Educational, and Community Access content.
Proposers should be advised that the space now used for operation is leased by the
current Administrator and will not be transferred to the selected Proposer. However,
some studio equipment that has been purchased with City funds may be transferred to
the selected Proposer. The selected Proposer must find its own facilities to use for the
management of Channel 36 since cable operators have not been required to provide,
operate, or maintain Public Access studio facilities within the City since January 1,
2009. The facility the selected Proposer uses must allow them to connect to the cable
operators’ systems in the City and broadcast the channel’s content. They must also be
able to create and edit content as needed.
Financial Challenges for Public, Educational and Community Access in the City
of Los Angeles
The annual operating budget of Channel 36 for Fiscal Year 2023-2024 was
approximately $1,121,000. Each year, the City grants $505,000 in funding. Of this
money, $255,000 must be used to cover capital purchases, such as equipment and
facility improvements or renovations. The remaining $250,000 must be used for
operational funding. The Administrator has provided the remaining funds each year by
providing services to other entities.
In their proposals, Proposers must demonstrate that they have access to, or the
demonstrated ability to obtain, the additional revenues necessary to perform the
required services described in this RFP.
III. SCOPE OF SERVICES
The Proposer selected under this RFP and awarded a resulting contract (“Contractor”)
shall provide complete management of Channel 36. This would include all operational
and scheduling needs that come with Channel 36 being a mixed-use PEG channel.
A. Services to be Provided
Contractor’s responsibilities would include:
1. Establish and maintain 24-hour program logs for cable-casting on Channel
36, including blocks of electronic text messages.
2. Ensure that all programming can be viewed live and on-demand 24 hours
a day, seven days a week. Programming may include, but is not limited to:
a) Local sporting events
b) Political debates
c) Music
d) Cultural programming
e) Health and wellness
f) Religious programming for many faiths.
3. Ensure that all programs produced or acquired shall be non-commercial
content.
4. Ensure that the airing of Public Access programming shall be no less than
ten percent (10%) of the total daily average air time as measured on a
weekly basis or as directed by the ITA.
5. Ensure that all programs produced or acquired shall be Public,
Educational, and Community Access content.
6. Produce and acquire programming with the intent of distributing such
programs over the Citywide Access Channel and website.
7. Follow established and future lawful production practices and standards in
Public, Educational, and Governmental Access programming and as
directed by ITA. This includes adhering to applicable production guidelines
outlined in the Public Broadcasting Service's "PBS Producer’s Handbook,"
which may be periodically updated. These guidelines can be accessed at
http://www.pbs.org/producers/guidelines/index.html.
8. Manage the station’s website. Responsibilities of managing the website
include:
a) Airing a variety of live events on the website, including meetings
that impact Los Angeles City and County stakeholders.
b) Maintaining and updating existing video content on the website
taken from the station’s library.
c) Ensuring the website’s security meets or exceeds industry
standards.
9. Promote the use and benefits of the Citywide Access Channel to City
residents. The Public, Educational, and Community Access community
should be a particular focus of the promotional efforts.
B. Reporting Requirement
The Selected Proposer shall provide the City with a variety of documents and
reports including the following:
1. Current corporate by-laws.
2. A list of current Board members and their positions on the Board.
3. A list of all employees with their classifications, work descriptions, and
their salaries within 30 days of the execution of the Grant Agreement. An
Organizational Chart must be included with this document.
4. A guide for anyone who produces content for the channel that lays out the
Rules and Procedures for Public, Educational, and Community Access
Users. The guide must be written by the selected Proposer.
5. Monthly progress reports about the content of Channel 36. These reports
shall show how many hours of programming is original content. The
reports must also break down the programming content by Access
category (Public, Educational, and Government Access). The numbers
shall be broken down by each week.
6. A draft of the Annual Business Plan (the “Annual Plan”) for Channel 36.
The City may provide comments on the Annual Plan.
7. A complete written inventory list of all audio/video equipment and facilities.
8. Semi-annual reports of accomplishments and activities of the
channel. Reports shall include, but are not limited to:
a) Board meeting agendas, minutes, and any fact sheets, reports, and
resolutions made by and for the Board.
b) The expenditure of funds and a year-over-year comparison chart of
income and expenditures.
c) An annual report prepared by an independent public accountant
(“Auditor”) certified to perform audits that conform to Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”).
The City reserves the right to audit the selected Proposer’s financial records subject
to the City providing at least 72 hours advance written notice of the audit.
IV. SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS
Proposers are required to submit an electronic file copy of the proposal in Adobe PDF
format by uploading it through the Google Form at
https://forms.gle/EcEfL9uusH5vKG8d7. Each submission must include all applicable
documents, forms, attachments, exhibits, and cover letter as detailed in Section V,
Response.
If Proposers wish to protect proprietary information contained within their proposal, they
must also include one additional unbound copy with the confidential material totally
blacked out from the text so that one copy is available as public material (see Section
XIII, Property of City/Proprietary Materials for more details).
All proposals must be received by the deadline specified in this RFP. Late proposals will
not be accepted and shall be returned to the Proposer unopened. The City reserves the
right to determine the timeliness of all proposal submissions.
All proposals shall be submitted to the address specified below no later than
September 25, 2024, 3:00 PM (PT):
https://forms.gle/EcEfL9uusH5vKG8d7
Proposers may withdraw their submitted proposals in writing at any time prior to the
specified due date and time. A written request, on the Proposer’s letterhead and signed
by an authorized representative of the Proposer, must be submitted to Tim Jennings at
tim.jennings@lacity.org. After withdrawing a previously submitted proposal, the
Proposer may submit another proposal at any time up to the proposal submission
deadline.
A. FORMAT AND SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS
All proposals submitted shall be based on the material contained in the RFP,
attachments, addenda, and other material published by the City or ITA relating to
this RFP. The Proposer shall disregard any previous draft material and oral
presentations that may have been obtained by the Proposer. Failure to adhere to
this format may be cause for rejection of the proposal as non-responsive.
Each proposal shall be prepared simply and economically, avoiding the use of
elaborate promotional materials beyond those sufficient to provide a complete,
accurate, and reliable presentation.
Proposals shall be submitted in accordance with the requirements and format set
forth in this RFP and shall constitute acknowledgement and acceptance of all
terms and conditions set forth herein. Any implied costs for services shall be
itemized in the proposal. Exceptions with any of the terms and conditions set
forth herein shall be itemized in the proposal. Failure to do so will be construed
as acceptance of all RFP provisions, requirements and specifications.
All proposals must be submitted in typewritten English language. Proposers shall
complete and return all applicable documents, including forms, attachments,
appendices, addenda, and exhibits to this RFP with their proposal. The City may
deem a Proposer non-responsive if the Proposer fails to provide all required
documentation and copies.
Numerical data furnished herein shall use the U.S. dollar-foot-pound-second
units of measurements, except where specified.
B. ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS
The cover letter, proposal, and all attached documents must set forth accurate
and complete information as required in this RFP. Unclear, incomplete, and/or
inaccurate documentation will not be considered. Falsification of any information
in the proposal or accompanying documents may, at the City’s discretion, result
in disqualification of the Proposer from the selection process, or in termination of
a contract, if discovered in the future. If a Proposer knowingly and willfully
submits false performance or other data, the City reserves the right to reject the
Proposer’s proposal. If it is determined that a contract was awarded as a result of
false performance or other data submitted in proposal to this RFP, the City
reserves the right to terminate the contract for cause. Portions of a proposal that
include content from this RFP that have been altered in any manner must be
footnoted and referenced in a separate appendix to the proposal.
C. CONTRACTUAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Proposer shall describe any special discounts, terms, conditions, warranties, or
guarantees offered that should be included in the evaluation of the proposal.
D. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
Proposals submitted in proposal to this RFP are subject to the California Public
Records Act (CPRA), California Government Code 6250 et seq. If the Proposer
claims that a portion of their submission contains information that they would like
to protect from disclosure, they must follow the procedures set forth in Section
XIII, Property of City/Proprietary Material. The City will endeavor to notify a
Proposer of any requests for their information. However, a Proposer may be
required to seek a court determination of the protected status to protect against
disclosure or when the City determines such determination is required or
appropriate.
E. SIGNATURE REQUIREMENTS
The proposal and cover letter, as well as all documents, forms, attachments,
appendices, and exhibits must be signed by a representative or officer of the
Proposer. That representative shall have authority to bind the Proposer to all
provisions of the proposal, the RFP, any subsequent changes, and to the
contract if an award is made. Consortiums, joint ventures, or teams submitting
proposals will not be considered responsive unless it is established that all
contractual responsibility rests solely with one Proposer or one legal entity. The
proposal must identify the responsible entity.
If the Proposer is a partnership, the proposal and cover letter must be signed in
the name of the partnership by a general partner. If the Proposer is a corporation,
the proposal and cover letter must be signed on behalf of the corporation by two
(2) authorized officers (a Chairman of the Board, President, or Vice-President
and a secretary, treasurer, or chief financial officer) or an officer authorized by
the Board of Directors to execute such documents on behalf of the corporation.
Electronic signatures that comply with California’s electronic signature laws will
be accepted on all documents and forms.
F. INFORMATION REQUESTED AND NOT FURNISHED
The information requested and the manner of submission are essential to permit
prompt evaluation of all proposals. Accordingly, the City reserves the right to
declare as non-responsive and reject any proposals in which information is
requested but is not furnished or when a direct or complete answer is not
provided.
G. ALTERNATIVES
Proposers shall not change any wording in the RFP or associated documents.
Any explanation or alternative offered shall be submitted in a letter attached to
the front of the proposal documents. Alternatives that do not substantially meet
the City’s requirements cannot be considered. Proposals offered subject to
conditions and/or limitations may be rejected as non-responsive.
H. MULTIPLE PROPOSALS
Proposers may not submit multiple proposals in response to this RFP.
I. PROPOSAL ERRORS
Proposer is liable for all errors or omissions incurred by Proposer in preparing the
proposal. A Proposer will not be allowed to alter its proposal documents after the
due date for submission.
J. WAIVER OF MINOR ADMINISTRATIVE IRREGULARITY
The City reserves the right at its sole discretion to waive administrative
irregularities or informalities contained in any proposal if it is deemed to be in the
best interests of the City.
K. ADDENDA
ITA reserves the right to issue addenda to this RFP that may add additional
requirements to be considered responsive. All Proposers must acknowledge any
and all addenda issued as a result of any change in this RFP. Failure to indicate
receipt of addenda may result in a proposal being rejected as non-responsive.
L. COST OF RFP
The City is not responsible for any costs incurred by the Proposer while
preparing and submitting proposals. All costs of proposal preparation shall be
borne by the Proposer. The City shall not, in any event, be liable for any pre-
contractual expenses incurred by Proposers in the preparation and/or submission
of the proposals. Proposals shall not include any such expenses as part of the
proposed budget.
M. PROPOSER’S ADDRESS
The address given in the proposal shall be considered the legal address of the
Proposer and shall be changed only by written notice to the City. The Proposer
shall supply an address to which certified mail can be delivered. The delivery of
any communication to the Proposer personally, or to such address, or the
depositing in the United States Mail, registered or certified with postage prepaid,
addressed to the Proposer at such address, shall constitute a legal service
thereof. Also, telephone numbers, fax numbers, and email addresses (if
applicable) must be provided.
N. CITY BUSINESS TAX REGISTRATION CERTIFICATE (BTRC)
The selected Proposer will be required to provide evidence of a valid Business
Tax Registration Certificate (BTRC) issued by the City of Los Angeles. The
selected Proposer shall obtain and keep current, a BTRC and all such certificates
required of it, and shall not allow any such certificate(s) to be revoked or
suspended while any contract is in effect. The Office of Finance administers this
program. They are located at City Hall 200 N. Spring St, Room 101, Los Angeles,
CA 90012. Their phone number is (844) 663-4411. Forms and instructions can
be accessed via the internet at http://finance.lacity.org. The selected Proposer
will be required to submit a completed W-9 form, a completed Form 590, and
provide a copy of the valid Business Tax Registration Certificate.
O. RECORD RETENTION PRACTICES
Proposer must provide a detailed description of its record and retention practices.
This section shall include information pertaining to the nature of documentation
utilized by the Proposer (electronic, logs, files, etc.), the type of information
retained in each file, the procedures for physically maintaining all active and
closed files, and a description of long-term storage practices.
Upon selection for interview, Proposers may be requested to provide sample
documentation reflecting record-retention practices utilized by the firm in their
standard course of providing service. Sample documentation should reflect
matters that took place at least one year prior to the date of interview, and be
properly redacted to preserve any confidentiality with existing/prior clients.
V. RESPONSE
All Proposers must submit their proposal online in PDF format (including all forms,
attachments, appendices, and exhibits unless otherwise directed). Proposers’
submissions must be received by ITA at the address specified below no later than
September 25, 2024, at 3:00 PM (Pacific Time).
All responses to this RFP should be submitted through the Google web form at:
https://forms.gle/EcEfL9uusH5vKG8d7
Each page (excluding charts and drawings) shall be typed double-spaced using 12-
point font.
A. RESPONSE FORMAT
Each Proposer shall provide the following information in their proposal:
RESPONSE FORMAT
1. Proposal
a) Cover Letter
b) Table of Contents
c) Executive Summary
d) Experience Managing a PEG Channel
e) Proposed Channel Operation: Turnkey
Ready and Management of Facility and
Equipment
f) Experience Promoting TV Channel and
Community Engagement
g) Financial Health and Fundraising
h) Organization Information
i) References
2. General Requirements/Appendices
3. Receipt of Addenda
1. Proposal
The proposal shall be submitted through the Google Form listed above as
a single PDF-format file that includes the following:
a) Cover Letter
The response must be accompanied by a cover letter limited to two
pages that references the title of this RFP, contains a general
statement of the purpose for submission, and includes the following
detailed company information:
• Full legal name of the Proposer;
• Legal business status (individual, partnership,
corporation, etc.), address, and telephone number of the
Proposer;
• If Proposer is a corporation, partnership, LLP, LLC, etc.,
identify the state under whose laws Proposer is
organized. Otherwise, if Proposer is an individual, identify
the state where Proposer is domiciled;
• Name, title, address, and telephone number of the
person or persons authorized to represent the Proposer
in order to enter into negotiations with the City with
respect to the RFP and any subsequent awarded
contract. The cover letter must also indicate any limitation
of authority for any person named.
• Acceptance of Standard Provisions for City Services
(Appendix A). Proposer must include a statement that
reads as follows:
“(Insert Full legal name of the Proposer) has carefully
read, understands, and accepts all terms and
conditions of the Standard Provisions for City
Services Contracts (Rev 6/24)[v.1] (Appendix A)
without revision, in their entirety.”
This statement shall be signed by a person(s) authorized
to bind the company to all commitments made in the
proposal.
The City may deem a proposal nonresponsive if
modifications to the Standard Provisions are requested.
• The following confidential information statement to
indemnify the City from any claim or liability as stated in
Section XIII, Property of City/Proprietary Material, shall
be included in the proposal cover letter if the proposal
contains information that Proposer would like to protect
from disclosure:
"This Proposer will indemnify the City and its officers,
employees, and agents, and hold them harmless from
any claim or liability and defend any action brought
against them for its or the City's refusal to disclose
any information this Proposer claims as copyrighted
material, trade secrets, or other proprietary
information that is protected from disclosure to any
person making a request therefore."
A representative or officer of the Proposer must sign the
cover letter, all documents, forms, attachments,
appendices, and exhibits. That representative shall have
been authorized to bind the Proposer to all provisions of
the RFP and any subsequent changes to the contract, if
an award is made.
b) Table of Contents
The proposal shall include a table of contents that must identify the
information set forth therein by sequential page numbers and
section reference numbers.
c) Executive Summary
The executive summary shall be placed after the table of contents
and shall provide a narrative overview of what differentiates their
company from other proposers.
d) Experience Managing a PEG Channel
Proposer must provide an overview of their experience managing a
PEG channel and obtaining, creating, and broadcasting content for
a PEG channel. Proposer must discuss their experience in the
following areas:
• Managing a PEG channel.
• Scheduling content and programming within a play-out
system.
• Providing programming content for cable-casting and
streaming.
• Providing and managing the infrastructure and
technology that connects the programming point of
origination to the City’s video/cable TV operators’
facilities.
• Making Channel 36 content available on the channel’s
website.
• Adhering to generally accepted and lawful Public,
Educational and Governmental Access production
practices and standards and, as applicable, production
guidelines set forth in Public Broadcasting Service’s,
“PBS Producer’s Handbook,” which from time-to-time
may be amended, and can be accessed at:
http://www.pbs.org/producers/guidelines/index.html or as
directed by ITA.
e) Proposed Channel Operation: Turnkey Ready and
Management of Facility and Equipment
Proposers must present a clear vision for their management of
Channel 36. This vision should include their plans and goals for
Channel 36, demonstrate their ability to competently manage
Channel 36, and their ability to transition Channel 36 to a new
administrator with no interruption in services. Proposals must
address the following:
• Access to Studio Facility: Proposer must have access
to a facility with a turnkey TV studio that will be able to
begin operations by July 1, 2025. Proposer must address
how this facility will support their overall strategy for
management of Channel 36. This studio can be owned,
leased, or be accessed in some other way that would
allow them to fulfill their responsibilities. Proposer must
provide the studio’s address in their proposal.
• Access to Trained Staff: Proposer must provide a
comprehensive list of trained personnel that will be
involved in managing Channel 36, including a detailed
description of each position and its role in managing the
channel. Proposer should include plans for training of
personnel and discuss how this training will improve
operations of Channel 36. Personnel responsibilities
include:
o The responsibilities listed in V.A.1.d Experience
Managing a PEG Channel
o The knowledge and ability to connect to the City’s
cable operators for distributing content to their
respective systems
• Access to Video Production Equipment: Proposer
must also provide a list of the video production
equipment that they will have by July 1, 2025. Proposers
must detail how this equipment will be utilized to meet
their goals for Channel 36. The list of equipment must
include:
o Equipment that allows them to connect to the
City’s cable operators for distributing content to
their respective systems.
o Equipment that provides the Proposer with the
capability to fulfill the responsibilities listed above
in V.A.1.d Experience Managing a PEG Channel.
f) Experience Promoting TV Channel and Community
Engagement
Proposers must describe their experience promoting a PEG
channel and engaging with the local community, including
managing a website and social media presence. The proposal
should also cover how they maintain relationships with educational
partners, which would include obtaining content and taking on
interns.
g) Financial Health and Fundraising
The proposal shall provide a detailed report on the financial stability
of the Proposer. It shall include at least one of the following:
• Corporate, non-profit, or private income tax filing for the
last three years.
• A financial statement for the last three years certified by a
Certified Public Accountant or accounting firm with a
written opinion on the financial health/stability of the
company.
• A history of the organization’s fundraising efforts. Funds
can be raised in a variety of ways including providing
video production services, grant writing, and having
sponsors, advertisers, or program underwriters.
h) Organization Information
Proposer must provide information about how their organization is
structured. Proposer must provide:
• An organizational chart.
• Their Business Plan.
• Corporate Bylaws.
i) References
Proposer must list a minimum of three clients for which the
Proposer has provided services to within the last three years. This
information is to be provided in Appendix O: References.
Experience in providing this service to other government agencies
is preferred. References must include the name of the organization,
the organization’s address, a description of services provided,
dates of service, and the name, telephone number, and email
address of an individual familiar with the described services.
2. General Requirements/Appendices
In order for a proposal to be considered responsive and qualify for further
evaluation, all general requirements described in Section XII, General
Requirements, including Appendices A-M, must be completed, signed,
and labeled accordingly. Appendices B, D, F, G, J, K, and M must be
submitted as separate PDF-format files through the Google form with the
rest of the proposal. The affidavits contained in Appendices E and I will be
submitted through RAMP.
PROPOSERS ARE STRONGLY ENCOURAGED TO READ THE
GENERAL REQUIREMENTS CAREFULLY AND TO PROVIDE ALL
REQUESTED INFORMATION.
3. Receipt of Addenda
Proposers are required to complete and submit the receipt for all Addenda
issued by the City in a single PDF-format file through the Google form with
the rest of their proposal or it may be deemed non-responsive and result
in its rejection. Any and all addenda will be posted on the Regional
Alliance Marketplace for Procurement (RAMP) website, which may be
found at https://rampla.org. See Section IV.K for more information.
VI. EVALUATION
After receipt of proposal, but prior to award, the City may require the Proposer to submit
additional information, including a presentation with a question-and-answer period.
The City may consider any response that does not contain a statement in the cover
letter confirming Acceptance of Standards Provisions for City Services Contract non-
responsive.
The City, at its option, may reject any and all proposals submitted in response to this
RFP, or waive any administrative irregularities, or waive any informality in a proposal
when to do so would be to the advantage to the City or its taxpayers
The City shall perform an initial responsiveness review to determine compliance with
the Submission Requirements as defined in Section IV and General Requirements in
Section XII. Responses that are deficient in meeting the minimum qualifications at the
time of submittal shall be deemed non-responsive to this RFP.
Responses that meet all the requirements for the initial responsiveness review shall be
evaluated and scored based on the following Evaluation Criteria herein:
A. EVALUATION CRITERIA
In determining the successful Proposer, the City will utilize a point scoring
method. Points will be assigned by the evaluation team and will be averaged to
determine a final score. The maximum score for any proposal shall be 100
points, with a further 12 bonus points possible through the Local Business
Preference Program. Maximum point values are allocated as follows:
EVALUATION CRITERIA Weight
(%)
1. Experience Managing a PEG Channel
Refer to Section V.A.1.d
25
2. Proposed Channel Operation: Turnkey Ready and
Management of Facility and Equipment
Refer to Section V.A.1.e
20
3 Experience Promoting TV Channel and Community
Engagement
Refer to Section V.A.1.f
20
4 Financial Health and Fundraising
Refer to Section V.A.1.g
20
5. Organization Information
Refer to Section V.A.1.h
10
6. References
Refer to Section V.A.1.i
5
Total 100
Additional bonus for Local Business Preference Program
(LBPP) may apply, with a maximum of 12 points. Please
refer to Appendix L for details on how the points are
calculated.
112
Total 112
VII. COMMUNICATION
All general communications regarding the RFP or request for additional information from
potential Proposers to the RFP shall be submitted through the “Public, Educational, and
Community Access Cable Television Services Questions” web form at
https://forms.gle/dsd5szD2KKsWybMT9. The City will respond to any Proposer-
submitted questions in writing and post them on the RAMP website at https://rampla.org
for all Proposers to review.
Questions or comments regarding this RFP submitted after the deadline date for
questions will NOT be answered. Questions must be received in writing no later than
Wednesday, September 11, 2024, by 12:00 Noon (PT).
A. CLARIFICATIONS AND ADDENDA
The City may modify the RFP or the RFP process at any time. Responses to
questions, and any changes in the process or updates to the schedule above will be
posted on the Regional Alliance Marketplace for Procurement (RAMP) at
https://rampla.org. (Search for opportunities from Department “Information
Technology Agency.”)
If a determination is made that a clarification or change to the RFP document is
required, or if the City obtains additional information that the City deems may be
useful to Proposers, a written addendum will be posted on the website noted above.
Proposers are responsible for obtaining all RFP materials. A Proposer interested in
receiving a notice of changes should register as a vendor on RAMP with the NAICS
codes for this opportunity. While those registered on RAMP should receive notice of
any clarifications or addenda, Proposers are strongly encouraged to regularly visit
the opportunity’s listing to check for updates.
B. PROHIBITION OF COMMUNICATION DURING EVALUATION PERIOD
After the submission of proposals and continuing until a contract has been awarded,
all City personnel involved in the project will be specifically directed against holding
any meetings, conferences, or technical discussions with any Proposer, regarding
the RFP, except as provided in the RFP. Proposers shall not initiate communication
in any manner with City personnel regarding this RFP or the proposals during this
period of time, unless authorized, in advance, by the City or ITA. Failure to comply
with this requirement may automatically terminate further consideration of that
Proposer’s proposal. This is not intended to prevent current contractors from
conducting ongoing business under existing contracts.
VIII. RFP SCHEDULE
This schedule indicates estimated dates for the RFP and contracting process. The City
reserves the right to adjust this schedule as necessary.
DATE EVENT
August 14, 2024 Release of RFP
September 11, 2024
Wednesday
by Noon (PT)
Deadline for questions. Submit questions through
web form at:
https://forms.gle/dsd5szD2KKsWybMT9.
September 25, 2024
Wednesday
by 3:00 PM (PT)
RFP RESPONSES DUE
https://forms.gle/EcEfL9uusH5vKG8d7
IX. AWARD OF CONTRACT
Prior to award of the contract, the successful Proposers may be required to attend
negotiation meetings. The purpose of the meetings will be to discuss and negotiate
contract requirements, prices, service level agreements, detailed scope of work
specifications, ordering, invoicing, delivery, receiving, and payment procedures, etc., in
order to ensure successful administration of the contract.
The City may award a contract on the basis of proposals submitted, without
discussions, or may negotiate further with those Proposers within a competitive range at
the sole discretion of the City. Proposals should be submitted on the most favorable
terms the Proposer can provide.
In the event that one or more contracts are awarded, ownership and title of all reports,
documents, plans, drawings, specifications, and estimates produced as part of the
contract will automatically be vested in the City of Los Angeles, and no further
agreement will be necessary to transfer ownership to any City entity.
A. EXECUTION OF CONTRACT
A response to this RFP is a legally binding offer to contract with the City based
upon the terms, conditions, service level agreement and specifications contained
in the proposal submitted. A contract will be formed when ITA awards the
contract to the selected Proposer.
The Proposer to whom a contract is awarded shall be required to enter into a
written contract with the City of Los Angeles in a form approved by the City
Attorney. This RFP and the proposal, or any part thereof, will be incorporated into
and made a part of the final contract. However, the City reserves the right at its
sole discretion to further negotiate the terms of the contract with the selected
Proposer. All work assigned to the Proposer under a resulting contract will be
subject to available funding, and no minimum level of work or funding is
guaranteed. The contract will, in any event, include fixed prices to be paid by the
City for the Proposer to perform the services as provided herein under “Services
Required.”
Any contract made pursuant to this RFP must be accepted in writing by the
Proposer.
The Standard Provisions for City Contracts (Rev. 6/24)[v.1] (Appendix A) will be
incorporated and made part of the final contract. It is City policy that the terms
and conditions of the Standard Provisions for City Contracts apply in their entirety
to City contracts. The City reserves the right to negotiate any such terms and
conditions in its sole discretion as it deems is in the best interest of the City.
B. INSURANCE
After the award of the contract but before work commences, the selected
Proposer must submit proof of insurance (ACORD certificate) to the Risk
Manager electronically at https://kwikcomply.org/. Insurance requirements for the
services requested in this RFP are described in Exhibit 1 of the "Standard
Provisions for City Contracts" (Appendix A). The Acord certificate must be
updated in Kwik Comply for the life of the contract.
C. PAYMENT TERMS/COMPLETED INVOICES
The City’s payment terms are payment within 30 days. Payment may be sooner
where cash discounts are offered for early payment. In no event will payment be
made prior to the City’s verifying and approving: 1) the services were received; 2)
the work was approved, and; 3) a proper invoice has been submitted.
A proper invoice shall include, but may not be limited to:
• Vendor name and remittance address;
• Vendor invoice number and date of invoice;
• City’s work/Job Order service request number;
• Inclusive dates of service;
• Requesting City department name and address;
• Payment term, total due, fixed price, and due date;
• The actual number of hours worked to perform the services, including
materials and deliverables purchased by Contractor;
• If materials and deliverables are purchased by Contractor in order to
perform the requested communication services, a copy of the packing slip
and invoice shall be attached to the invoice;
• Any equipment rented shall only be invoiced for the actual cost of rental. A
copy of the rental receipt showing the amount paid by the contractor shall
be provided when invoicing;
• City contract number, the Contractor’s State of California Sales and Use
Tax Permit Number, and City of Los Angeles Business Tax Registration
Certification (BTRC) Number;
• Summary of Name, Title, Hours, Rate, and Total Due for personnel
working the time;
• Copies of actual timesheets supporting the charges, indicating date and
hours worked by Demand number;
• Certification by a duly authorized officer of Contractor;
• Discounts and terms (if applicable);
• Remittance address (if different from Contractor address).
D. CONTRACTOR PERFORMANCE EVALUATION
At the end of the contract, the City will conduct an evaluation of the Contractor’s
performance. As required by Section 10.39.2 of the Los Angeles Administrative
Code, evaluations will be based on a number of criteria, including the quality of
the work product or service performed, the timeliness of performance, financial
issues, and the expertise of personnel that the Contractor assigns to the contract.
A Contractor who receives a “Marginal” or “Unsatisfactory” rating will be provided
a copy of the final City evaluation and allowed fourteen (14) calendar days to
respond. The City may use the final City evaluation, and any response from the
Contractor to evaluate proposals and to conduct reference checks when
awarding other personal services contracts.
E. MULTIPLE CONTRACTS
The City may award multiple contracts as a result of this RFP. The Proposers to
whom contracts are awarded shall be required to enter into a written contract
with the City of Los Angeles in a form approved by the City Attorney. This RFP,
the Standard Provisions for City Contracts (Rev. 6/24)[v.1] (Appendix A) and the
proposal, or any part thereof, will be incorporated into and made a part of the
final contract. However, the City reserves the right at its sole discretion to further
negotiate the terms of the contract with the selected Proposer(s). All work
assigned to a Proposer under a resulting contract will be subject to available
funding, and no minimum level of work or funding is guaranteed.
X. PROTEST
All Proposers will be afforded the opportunity to protest the awarding of a contract under
this RFP. Any protest must be submitted in writing to the ITA General Manager at the
address shown below within 14 calendar days of https://rampla.org electronically
notifying Proposers of a change in the RFP status to “bidder selected.”
The procedure and time limits set forth in this paragraph are mandatory and are the
Proposers’ sole and exclusive remedy in the event of a protest. Failure by a party
originating a protest to comply with these procedures shall constitute a waiver of any
right to further pursue the protest, including filing a Government Code claim or legal
proceedings.
At a minimum, any written protest document must include the following:
• Name, address, and telephone number of the protesting party;
• Name and number of this RFP;
• Name, address, and telephone number of the person representing the
protesting party;
• Detailed statement of the legal and factual grounds of the protest, including
copies of all relevant documents. The statement must also refer to the
specific portion of the documents that form the basis of the protest;
• Request for a ruling from the ITA; and
• Statement as to the form of relief requested.
Protests and attached documentation must be sent to the following address:
Ted Ross, General Manager
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AGENCY
200 North Main Street, Room 1400
Los Angeles, CA 90012
After the receipt of a timely written protest, the City, at its sole discretion, may
require the protesting party, and/or any other Proposer to submit additional
information and/or to meet in person with City personnel.
The ITA General Manager or his/her designee will consider the Proposal Review
Committee’s recommendation for awarding a contract, together with all timely written
protests and other pertinent information, and will select the Proposer to be awarded
the contract and notify all Proposers of the final selection.
XI. TERM OF CONTRACT
The term of the resulting contract shall be three years with two additional one- (1-) year
options to extend at the City's sole discretion.
XII. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS
Proposers are required to comply with all the requirements included in this section. All
materials or services supplied by the Proposer shall conform to the applicable
requirements of the City Charter, City ordinances, and State law, as well as conforming
to the requirements contained in this RFP. All forms and/or exhibits included in this RFP
must be signed and submitted with their proposal where applicable. Please note that, in
addition to being completed and submitted with your proposal, several of these required
documents must be completed by the Proposer and uploaded at https://rampla.org.
A. STANDARD PROVISIONS FOR CITY CONTRACTS (APPENDIX A)
The Standard Provisions for City Contracts (Rev. 6/24) [v.1] (Appendix A) will be
incorporated and made a part of the final contract. It is City policy that the terms
and conditions of the Standard Provisions for City Contracts apply in their entirety
to City contracts. The City may deem proposals nonresponsive if modifications to
the Standard Provisions are requested.
B. NON-DISCRIMINATION, EQUAL EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES &
AFFIRMATIVE ACTION PROGRAM
Proposers are advised that any contract awarded pursuant to this RFP process
shall be subject to the applicable provisions of Los Angeles Administrative Code
Section (“LAAC”) 10.8.2., Non-discrimination Clause.
All contracts (both construction and non-construction) for which the consideration
is $25,000 or more shall comply with the provisions of Los Angeles
Administrative Code Sections 10.8.4 Affirmative Action Program Provisions. By
affixing its signature on a contract that is subject to the Affirmative Action
Program Provisions, the Contractor shall agree to adhere to the provisions in the
Affirmative Action Program Provisions for the duration of the contract.
Furthermore, contractors shall include similar provisions in all subcontracts
awarded for work to be performed under the contract with the City and shall
impose the same obligations. The contract with the subcontractor that contains
similar language shall be made available to the Office of Contract Compliance
upon request.
Proposers seeking additional information regarding the requirements of the City’s
Non-Discrimination Clause, Equal Employment Practices and Affirmative Action
Program may visit the Bureau of Contract Administration’s website at
https://bca.lacity.org.
C. EXECUTIVE DIRECTIVE 35 COMPLIANCE
Proposers are advised, pursuant to Executive Directive 35, if a Proposer is
selected and awarded a contract, and if the contractor is a for-profit company or
corporation, the contractor shall, within 30 days of the effective date of the
contract and on an annual basis thereafter (i.e., within 30 days of the anniversary
of the effective date of the contract), report the following information to City via
the Regional Alliance Marketplace for Procurement (RAMP) or via another
method specified by City: contractor’s and any subcontractor’s annual revenue,
number of employees, location, industry, race/ethnicity and gender of majority
owner (contractor/subcontractor information). On an annual basis, the contractor
shall further request that any subcontractor input or update its business profile,
including the contractor/subcontractor information, on RAMP or via another
method prescribed by City.
D. DECLARATION OF NON-COLLUSION (APPENDIX D)
Pursuant to the LAAC, Division 10, Chapter 1, Article 2, Section 10.15, each
proposal must include the declaration from the Proposer that the proposal is
genuine, and not a sham or collusive, or made in the interest or on behalf of any
person, and that the Proposer has not directly or indirectly induced or solicited
any other Proposer to submit a sham proposal/bid, or any other person, firms, or
corporation to refrain from bidding and that the Proposer has not sought by
collusion to secure for himself/herself an advantage over any other Proposer.
Proposers must complete and submit the Declaration of Non-Collusion, which is
included in Appendix D, signed by an officer authorized to bind the Proposer with
the proposal. Failure to submit this declaration with the proposal may render the
proposal non-responsive and may result in its rejection.
E. EQUAL BENEFITS ORDINANCE (EBO) (APPENDIX E)
If a contract is subject to the Equal Benefits Ordinance (EBO) and/or the First
Source Hiring Ordinance (FSHO), Proposers are required to complete a
streamlined EBO/FSHO Compliance Affidavit web application form that is located
on the Regional Alliance Marketplace for Procurement (RAMP) at
https://rampla.org. Proposers are responsible for creating a RAMP profile and
completing and submitting the affidavit. (See the following section for details
about the FSHO.)
Proposers are advised that any contract awarded pursuant to this procurement
process shall be subject to the applicable provisions of Los Angeles
Administrative Code Section 10.8.2.1, Equal Benefits Ordinance (EBO).
All Proposers shall complete and submit the Equal Benefits Ordinance
Compliance Affidavit, available at https://rampla.org for award of a City contract
that exceeds $25,000. The affidavit shall be valid for a period of three years from
the date it is first uploaded onto RAMP. Proposers do not need to submit
supporting documentation with their proposals. However, the City may request
supporting documentation to verify that the benefits are provided equally as
specified on the EBO Affidavit.
Proposers seeking additional information regarding the requirements of the Equal
Benefits Ordinance may visit the Bureau of Contract Administration’s website at
https://bca.lacity.org.
A sample of the EBO/FSHO affidavit is included in Appendix E. However,
Proposers must download the form from https://rampla.org, complete, and upload
the form by the proposal due date or their proposals may be deemed non-
responsive.
F. FIRST SOURCE HIRING ORDINANCE (FSHO) (APPENDIX E)
If a contract is subject to the Equal Benefits Ordinance (EBO) and/or the First
Source Hiring Ordinance (FSHO), Proposers are required to complete a
streamlined EBO/FSHO Compliance Affidavit web application form that is located
on https://rampla.org. Proposers are responsible for creating a RAMP profile and
completing and submitting the affidavit. (See the section above for additional
details about the EBO.)
Unless approved for an exemption, contractors under contracts primarily for the
furnishing of services to or for the City, the value of which exceeds $25,000 with
a term of at least three (3) months, and certain recipients of City Loans or Grants,
shall comply with the provisions of Los Angeles Administrative Code Sections
10.44 et seq., First Source Hiring Ordinance (FSHO).
All Proposers shall complete and electronically sign the FSHO Compliance
affidavit available at https://rampla.org for award of a City contract. The affidavit
shall be valid for a period of three years from the date it is first uploaded on
RAMP. Sample affidavits can be found in Appendix E.
Proposers seeking additional information regarding the requirements of the First
Source Hiring Ordinance may visit the Bureau of Contract Administration's
website at https://bca.lacity.org.
A sample of the EBO/FSHO affidavit is included in Appendix E. However,
Proposers must download the form from https://rampla.org, complete, and
upload the form by the proposal due date or their proposals may be
deemed non-responsive.
G. PLEDGE OF COMPLIANCE WITH CONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITY
ORDINANCE (APPENDIX B) AND CONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITY
ORDINANCE QUESTIONNAIRE (APPENDIX F)
Proposers are advised that any contract awarded pursuant to this procurement
process shall be subject to the provisions of Los Angeles Administrative Code
Section 10.40 et seq., Contractor Responsibility Ordinance (CRO).
All Proposers shall complete and return, with their proposal, the Pledge of
Compliance with the Contractor Responsibility Ordinance (Appendix B) and the
Contractor Responsibility Ordinance Questionnaire (Appendix F). Sample forms
are provided in Appendices B and F respectively; however, the most recent
forms must be downloaded at https://bca.lacity.org/ordinances. Failure to submit
the completed Questionnaire and Pledge with the proposal may result in the
proposal being deemed non-responsive.
H. LIVING WAGE ORDINANCE AND WORKER RETENTION ORDINANCE
(LWO/WRO) (APPENDIX G)
Unless approved for an exemption, contractors under contracts primarily for the
furnishing of services to or for the City and that involve an expenditure in excess
of $25,000 and a contract term of at least three (3) months, lessees and
licensees of City property, and certain recipients of City financial assistance, shall
comply with the provisions of Los Angeles Administrative Code Sections 10.37 et
seq., Living Wage Ordinance (LWO) and 10.36 et seq., Worker Retention
Ordinance (WRO). Proposers shall refer to Appendix G for further information
regarding the requirements of the Ordinances.
Proposers who believe that they meet the qualifications for one of the
exemptions described in the LWO List of Statutory Exemptions shall apply for
exemption from the Ordinance by completing and submitting the appropriate
Exemption/Non-Coverage Application form with their proposal. Application forms
are as follows: Exemption Application (Form LW-10), Small Business Exemption
Application (Form LW-26), 501(c)(3) Non-Profit Exemption Application (Form
OCC/LW-28), and Non-Coverage Determination Application (Form OCC/LW-29).
The List of Statutory Exemptions, the Application and the Certification are
included in the Appendix G. Otherwise, the Living Wage Ordinance forms LW 18
and LW 6 will be required from the selected Proposer. Please download the
form(s) from https://bca.lacity.org/LWO%20Printable%20Forms and include the
completed form(s) with your proposal. All Living Wage Ordinance forms and
more detailed information about the ordinances are available on the Bureau of
Contract Administration’s website at https://bca.lacity.org. Failure to return the
completed forms with the proposal may result in the proposal being
deemed non-responsive.
I. DISCLOSURE ORDINANCES AFFIDAVIT (APPENDIX I)
Unless otherwise exempt, by the provisions of the Slavery Disclosure Ordinance
(SDO) and Disclosure of Border Wall Contracting Ordinance (DBWCO), any
contract awarded under this RFP will be subject to the SDO, Section 10.41 of the
Los Angeles Administrative Code, and the DBWCO, Section 10.50 of the Los
Angeles Administrative Code.
Effective July 18, 2018, the DBWCO was combined with SDO on a revised
Disclosure Ordinances Affidavit to be completed electronically on RAMP at
https://rampla.org. Proposers will be required to register on RAMP in order to
access the new compliance affidavit web form. The web form can be found by
clicking on the "Profiles" tab. Scroll to the "Company Profile" section and click on
"Compliance Documents." The web form must be completed and submitted
by the time of RFP submission or your proposal will be deemed non-
responsive.
The web form will be verified by the Bureau of Contract Administration (BCA)
only if your company is the successful Proposer/Bidder selected for contract
award. Proposers/Bidders seeking additional information regarding the
requirements of the SDO and the DBWCO may visit the Bureau of Contract
Administration’s website at https://bca.lacity.org.
A sample of the affidavit is included in Appendix I. Proposers must download the
actual form from https://rampla.org.
J. LOS ANGELES MUNICIPAL LOBBYING ORDINANCE (APPENDIX J)
The Los Angeles Municipal Lobbying Ordinance (Municipal Code, Section
IV8.09) requires all service contracts with a value greater than $25,000 and a
term of at least three months to submit with its proposal a certification, on a form
(CEC Form 50) proscribed by the City Ethics Commission, that the Proposer
acknowledges and agrees to comply with the disclosure requirements and
prohibitions established in the Los Angeles Municipal Lobbying Ordinance, if the
Proposer qualifies as a lobbying entity. Proposers must submit a completed CEC
Form 50 (a sample form can be found in Appendix J) to the awarding authority at
the same time the proposal is submitted. Failure to return the completed form
with the proposal may result in the proposal being deemed non-responsive.
A sample of the affidavit is included in Appendix J. The most recent form must be
downloaded from https://ethics.lacity.org/contracts/bidders/.
K. COMPLIANCE WITH LOS ANGELES CITY CHARTER SECTION
470(C)(12) (APPENDIX K)
Persons who submit a proposal to this solicitation are subject to Charter Section
470(c) (12) and related ordinances. As a result, Proposers may not make
campaign contributions to and or engage in fundraising for certain elected City
officials or candidates for elected City office from the time they submit the
proposal until either the contract is approved or, for successful Proposers, 12
months after the contract is signed. The Proposer's principals and subcontractors
performing $100,000 or more in work on the contract, as well as the principals of
those subcontractors, are also subject to the same limitations on campaign
contributions and fundraising.
Proposers must submit a completed CEC Form 55 (a sample form can be found
in Appendix K) to the awarding authority at the same time the proposal is
submitted. Failure to submit the completed form with the proposal may
result in the proposal being deemed non-responsive. The form requires
Proposers to identify their principals, their subcontractors performing $100,000 or
more in work on the contract, and the principals of those subcontractors.
Proposers must also notify their principals and subcontractors in writing of the
restrictions and include the notice in contracts with subcontractors. Proposers
who fail to comply with City law may be subject to penalties, termination of
contract, and debarment. Additional information regarding these restrictions and
requirements may be obtained from the City Ethics Commission at (213) 978-
1960 or https://ethics.lacity.org/.
The Contract resulting from this RFP will contain a provision read as follows:
“The Contractor, Subcontractors, and their Principals are obligated to fully
comply with City of Los Angeles Charter Section 470(c) (12) and related
ordinances, regarding limitations on campaign contributions and
fundraising for certain elected City officials or candidates for elected City
office if the contract is valued at $100,000 or more and requires approval
of a City elected official. Additionally, Contractor is required to provide and
update certain information to the City as specified by law. Any Contractor
subject to Charter Section 470(c) (12) shall include the following notice in
any contract with a subcontractor expected to receive at least $100,000
for performance under this contract:
“Notice Regarding Los Angeles Campaign Contribution and
Fundraising Restrictions
“As provided in Charter Section 470(c) (12) and related ordinances,
you are a subcontractor on City of Los Angeles contract #
_____________. Pursuant to City Charter Section 470(c) (12),
subcontractor and its principals are prohibited from making
campaign contributions and fundraising for certain elected City
officials or candidates for elected City office for 12 months after the
City contract is signed. Subcontractor is required to provide to
Contractor names and addresses of the subcontractor's principals
and contact information and shall update that information if it
changes during the 12-month time period. Subcontractor's
information included must be provided to Contractor within 5
business days. Failure to comply may result in termination of the
contract or any other available legal remedies, including fines.
Information about the restrictions may be found at the City Ethics
Commission's website at https://ethics.lacity.org/ or by calling (213)
978-1960."
Contractor, Subcontractors, and their Principals shall comply with these
requirements and limitations. Violation of this provision shall entitle the City to
terminate this Agreement and pursue any and all remedies available at law. The
most recent version of the form must be downloaded at
https://ethics.lacity.org/contracts/bidders/.
L. LOCAL BUSINESS PREFERENCE PROGRAM (APPENDIX L)
Proposers are advised that any proposal submitted and contract awarded from
this procurement process shall be subject to the applicable provisions of Los
Angeles Administrative Code Section 10.25, Local Business Preference Program
(LBPP) Ordinance. The City is committed to maximizing opportunities for local
businesses, as well as encouraging local businesses to locate and operate in Los
Angeles County. The LBPP Ordinance allows the Department to apply additional
points to the proposal’s final score under certain conditions.
If applicable, Proposers may choose to complete and upload the LBPP
Application/Renewal Form available on RAMP at www.RAMPLA.org before the
proposal submission deadline. The City may request supporting documentation
to verify qualification for designation as a Local Business. Only those Proposers
who apply and qualify for a Local Business designation (or otherwise qualify by
using a qualified Local Subcontractor) by the RFP due date will be eligible for
additional points that can be awarded under the ordinance.
Proposers seeking additional information regarding the requirements of the Local
Business Preference Program Ordinance may visit the Bureau of Contract
Administration’s website at http://bca.lacity.org.
The Local Business Preference Program Ordinance requirements can be found
in Appendix L.
M. IRAN CONTRACTING ACT OF 2010 (APPENDIX M)
In accordance with California Public Contract Code Sections 2200-2208, a Proposer
submitting a proposal to this RFP for goods and services estimated at $1,000,000 or
more is required to complete, sign, and submit the "Iran Contracting Act of 2010
Compliance Affidavit" attached as Appendix M. Failure to complete and submit this
affidavit with the proposal may result in the proposal being deemed non-responsive.
XIII. PROPERTY OF CITY/PROPRIETARY MATERIAL
Proposals submitted in response to this RFP are subject to the California Public
Records Act, California Government Code Section 6250 et seq. If the Proposer claims
that a portion of its submission contains information that it would like to protect from
disclosure, it must include that notification in its proposal cover letter along with the
following statement:
"This proposer will indemnify the City and its officers, employees and agents, and
hold them harmless from any claim or liability and defend any action brought
against them for it's or the City's refusal to disclose any information this proposer
claims as copyrighted material, trade secrets or other proprietary information that
is protected from disclosure to any person making a request therefore."
Failure to include such a statement shall constitute a waiver of a Proposer's right
to exemption from this disclosure. The City will endeavor to notify a Proposer of any
requests for its information. However, a Proposer may be required to seek a court
determination of the protected status to protect against disclosure or when the City
determines such determination is required or appropriate.
